[instrumental music]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Victim's name
is John Flynn.
He's 48. Married.
Cho's bringing the wife now.
And CEO of a company
called Symphony.
Symphony?
Website says it's
a high-end matchmaking service.
Rich old men looking
for hot young chicks?
Yep. Flynn was shot twice
in the chest at close range
'then dumped
or fell in the water.'
'A woman heard
the pops from her boat'
putting the time of death
at 5:38 p.m. last night.
- Did she see anything?
- No. No witnesses.
Bruising looks
to be a few days old.
Coroner thought the same.
'So far he
and forensics haven't'
found much else that helps us.
[instrumental music]
Jane, anything
to add before we go?
Yeah, the sun and the sea.
Isn't it wonderful?
Anything to add
about the victim?
Rich guy, CEO,
probably killed over money.
- Way of the world.
- That's all you got?
Do you know in seven years,
each and every cell is
completely replaced
in your body?
That means you are literally
a different person
from when we first met.
Sadder but wiser.
He's very wet.
That must mean something.
[no audio]
- Grieving widow?
- Yeah.
Hello.
Hi.
You were watching me.
Yes.
- Why?
- It's my job.
Your husband was murdered
at the marina last night.
Yes.
Sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
You seem genuinely upset.
Does that surprise you?
How long were you
and your husband married?
I'm sorry.
I don't know your name.
Patrick.
Erica.
About a year.
What do you see?
You're independent,
ambitious, competitive
yet you have
a warmth about you
enough to charm
the stoic Agent Cho
which is no small feat,
let me tell you.
You're skilled at getting people
to open up to you, to trust you.
And there's a question
of whether you use that skill
to help people
or to manipulate them.
A little of both,
if I'm being honest.
I'm a matchmaker.
I help people find true love.
Ah.
You think it's silly.
No. Good enough job,
I imagine.
You think the idea
of true love is silly.
No.
- That explains it.
- Explains what?
The utter sadness
I see in you.
We're all finished,
Mrs. Flynn.
I could walk you out,
if you like.
Thank you, Agent Cho.
You've been very good to me.
I'll walk her out,
if you don't mind.
- Not at all.
- Sure.
It was very nice
to meet you, Patrick.
Hopefully next time it'll be
under better circumstances.
You know,
every day women come to me
hoping I'll help
them find a kind
gentle man
to fall in love with.
I'm sure any one of them
would be lucky to meet you.
What was that all about?
Oh, she's just thanking me
for consoling her.
Oh, and here I thought
you hated talking to widows.
This one's a little different.
How so?
She murdered her husband.
[theme music]
You're right. Usually,
it's the victim's spouse
who's the murderer,
but Erica Flynn has an alibi.
Mm. I'd expect
nothing less from her.
One of her clients
is in with Rigsby right now
and she swears that she was
with Erica at the time of death.
Then I must be wrong.
She did say that her husband
got in a fight a few days ago.
He came home with a bruise.
She doesn't know
who the fight was with.
Any guesses?
The reality is John Flynn
ran a multi-million
dollar company.
He had money,
dozens of employees
and a lot
of ruthless competitors.
And Flynn's file also says
that he gave half
a million dollars
to charity last year.
That's the first time
he's ever done that.
- So?
- It's a red flag.
How is giving
to charity a red flag?
Giving to charity
isn't a red flag.
Giving half a million dollars
to charity out of the blue is.
It's a sure sign
of a guilty conscience.
That is so far from the truth.
Well, think about
the people that donate
that kind of money to charity.
Alright, Wall Street executives
crooked politicians,
troubled celebrities.
It is all in the name
of clearing their conscience.
You're horrible.
How long have you been
a member of Symphony?
Oh, just a few days, actually.
Night before last was
my first interview with Erica.
And what time was this?
From 5:00 until
just after 6:00.
And you're convinced
that Erica Flynn was there
the entire time?
- Yes.
- Can anyone confirm that?
Oh, I think
the rest of the staff
had already left the office
by the time we started.
I'm a litigator, so that was
the earliest I could meet Erica.
Oh, it's probably why I joined
the service in the first place.
It's not that I'm some
social leper or anything.
I mean, I can meet people.
I meet people all the time.
So...no?
No.
- But there's the DVD.
- The DVD?
Of the interview.
Yeah, it's part of,
uh, Symphony's service.
A client interview, appearance
counseling, date coaching.
It's actually a very thorough
approach to matchmaking.
Anyway, Erica was
interviewing me the whole time.
Just see for yourself.
Um..
Just, just, God, don't show it
to too many people
'cause it's
kind of embarrassing.
And they haven't edited out
all my silly faces,
dumb comments yet.
Oh, my god. Okay, it's fine.
You can watch it.
I mean, for investigative
purposes, obviously.
Not that if you wanted
to watch it
for other reasons you couldn't.
Got it. Uh, well, we'll call
with any other questions.
- Thanks for your time.
- Okay, right.
Well, no, thank you.
Um..
Alright, I-I had..
I have a question.
I will just..
...are you
in a relationship?
No. Um, I'm not, actually.
Oh.
Well, good to know.
Uh, nice to meet you,
Agent Rigsby.
Nice to meet you, Sarah.
- Uh, this way.
- Right.
Hey, boss.
You gotta see this.
It's a video of John Flynn's
ex-wife, Kim Cartwright.
I found it online
while doing background.
Three months ago,
my husband of 21 years
John Flynn,
told me he was divorcing me.
'John said
he wanted to be alone'
that he didn't want
to be married anymore.
Well, John, this is what I think
of your settlement agreement.
Word is out on you, John.
I am going to tell everyone
exactly what kind
of a man you are.
Because you are a pig.
You are a coward.
I made that video
over a year ago. I was upset.
You were more than upset,
Ms. Cartwright.
You threatened to make your
ex-husband's life miserable.
Talk to me
when your ex-husband
remarries someone ten years
younger and two sizes smaller.
[barking]
Shh. Libby, no. No bark
[whimpers]
Where were you that night?
I was home alone.
I didn't kill John,
if that's what you're thinking.
Shh. Shh.
Oh, my God. That's what
you're thinking. That's insane.
John and I
reconciled months ago.
W-we spoke all the time.
[barking]
Including the afternoon
he was murdered.
Do you recall
what you two talked about?
John was unhappy
in his marriage
and he needed
someone to listen.
So he called his ex-wife?
Okay, it's complicated,
alright?
Shh. Shh. Bad dog.
Shh. No bark.
You said John was unhappy
in his marriage. Why?
Well, John loved his company,
but he was ready
to step back
and enjoy life and..
[barking]
Erica didn't feel that way.
She kept pushing him
to expand Symphony.
It caused problems
between them.
[snaps fingers]
Shh.
[whimpers]
When we found John, he had
a bruise over his left eye.
He mentioned
that he'd gotten into a fight
with an ex-client,
Henry Cliff.
You know what
the fight was about?
No, he was evasive.
It was something
he didn't want to share.
Did you know Erica Flynn signed
a prenup before she got married?
You're barking
up the wrong tree.
Time stamp puts the start
of the meeting at 5:00 p.m.
Finishes just after 6:00,
just like Sarah said
which means that Erica Flynn
'was at her office
at the time of the murder.'
[Erica]
'It'll allow
yourfuture soul mate'
'tobetterconnect with you.'
What do you think of these
dating services anyway?
- No and yes.
- What?
No, I've never used one,
and yes, you should.
Oh, because you're cool,
and I'm not?
Anything to stop
you dating your co-workers.
[Erica]
'How would your
closest friends describe you'
'tosomeone
who doesn't know you?'
Oh. Well,
I think they would say..
Uh, we have you scheduled to
come in next Tuesday.
Okay, great. See you then.
Welcome to Symphony.
If you'll just
fill out this profile
someone will be
with you shortly.
Profile.
Patrick.
I see you two have met.
Peter's our reception clerk
though I doubt for much longer.
He's a very talented musician,
writes such beautiful music.
Patrick
is a consultant with CBI.
He's investigating
John's murder.
I'll hold your calls.
We're all a little overwhelmed
today, as you can imagine.
I shouldn't even be here.
But to be honest,
I didn't have much of a choice.
With John gone,
well...you understand.
Is there any news
in the investigation?
No.
Do you have
any more questions for me?
Not really.
- I think I understand.
- Understand what?
Why you're here.
I wasn't sure
at first when I saw your ring
but you're single,
aren't you?
That's not why I'm here.
There's nothing
to be ashamed of, Patrick.
I've helped
a great many clients
in the exact
same situation as you.
Well, I'm not in a situation.
There's no situation.
I know what you're feeling.
I've been there.
Yeah,
I don't think you have.
You were in a relationship once,
you were in love
but it ended badly, and you were
deeply hurt as a result.
Your shut yourself off
from the world
and avoid meeting new people
because you don't want
to ever feel that loss again.
But now you're ready
to move on with your life.
I can see it in you.
Youcanfind happiness again,
even true love
but you have to be willing
to let me help you.
[chuckles]
That was spooky.
It was like you read my mind.
Our in-house studio
is right this way.
It's where we conduct
our client interviews.
How many interviews
have you conducted here?
Enough to know
what I'm doing.
Whoa. That's bright.
Very fancy.
We like to show our clients
in the best possible light.
I thought
true love was blind.
We may love with our hearts,
but first we lust with our eyes.
Don't you agree?
If you make yourself
comfortable, we can get started.
- Here?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Try to look directly
into the camera.
It will allow
your future soul mate
to better connect with you.
How's that?
Perfect. I'm gonna ask you
'a series
of standardized questions.'
'These have been designed to get
at the heart of who you are'
and who
you're compatible with.
Try to answer
as honestly as possible. Ready?
- Yes.
- Good.
Now, Patrick
what kind of woman
are you interested in?
Rich, quiet blondes.
No snoring.
That's a deal-breaker.
We were told
you punched out John Flynn.
Yeah, I hit John.
- It was a misunderstanding.
- Who misunderstood what?
It was nothing, a tiff.
Two days
before he was murdered.
Am I under arrest?
No, you're just
a person of interest
at this point, a suspect.
Unless you can clear things up
with a simple explanation.
[exhales deeply]
Alright.
It was about a woman, okay?
Naomi. Met her at a singles
mixer John's company organized.
We hit it off at the bar,
a few drinks, few laughs.
Next thing I know,
she invites me up to her room.
Alright? I'm up there,
what, two seconds
boom, she is all over me.
I mean, really hot
and really passionate.
Get to the part
where you punch out John Flynn.
Yeah, right, uh..
Two days later,
I get a phone call.
I think she wants another bite
off the old cliff bar, right?
No. Turns out
the bitch is blackmailing me.
Says she videotaped
our whole night together.
Says unless I give her $15,000
she's going public
with that video.
You paid the money?
Well, yeah. I can't have
a sex tape going around.
Look, I'm a Sac Metro
top ten prestige realtor.
My face is
on the friggin' billboard.
I get respect
in this community.
So you went after Flynn.
He's supposed to be screening
these women for Pete's sake.
But look
it's not what you think.
John and I talked it out.
He swore to me that he would
handle it personally
said he was gonna make sure
she got caught
and put in jail
for what she did.
So much for that plan, right?
I have just
one more question.
In an ideal world, what would
you want your life to be like?
Haven't thought about that.
In an ideal world..
A pet dragon, definitely
for flying around on.
That would be good.
Please try
and answer seriously.
It's important.
What do you want
from your life?
I want my life
to be free.
Free how?
To love? To be loved?
Free from my past.
I wanna tell you something.
Every day I introduce men
and women to one another.
If I do my job well,
those people connect.
They spark.
I can actually see it.
Just like I see it in you
right now with me.
I don't say this
to make you uncomfortable.
'I say it
because I want you to know'
'no matter how alone you feel'
you are capable
of finding love, of moving on.
I was wondering
when you'd do this.
- Do what?
- Try to manipulate me.
I would never do that.
I'm simply pointing out emotions
I know you feel towards me.
You're wrong.
I don't feel
anything like that towards you
for one very good reason,
you murdered your husband.
- That's not funny.
- It wasn't meant to be.
Why would I kill my husband?
Money, well, money
and control of the company.
Same difference, really.
John was gonna leave you.
And if he left,
the company left with him.
Everything that you worked for,
everything that you'd built
gone.
And you couldn't
let that happen.
No.
You're
all about autonomy, control.
Abused as a child, I expect.
I didn't kill my husband.
In fact, you don't actually
believe I did.
- No?
- No
You're simply doing what
you've been doing
ever since your wife died
'intentionally sabotaging
any relationship'
'by pushing away anyone
who makes you feel something.'
You want me to be the killer
because you don't want
to have feelings for me.
It's a tragic,
but natural response
to the guilt you feel
over your wife's death.
I do push people away
and I do feel guilt
over my wife's death
but that doesn't change the fact
that you murdered your husband.
I'm more certain
of it now than ever.
If that's the case, prove it.
[instrumental music]
Where are we
with the Flynn murder?
Rigsby and I are still checking
out Henry Cliff's alibi.
He said he was in a bar
watching the game
but we still haven't found
anyone to confirm it.
Stay on it.
What about the ex-wife?
Still no alibi either,
but I did find a lawsuit
Kim Cartwright filed against
Flynn around the same time
'she posted that online video.'
Looks like it has something to
do with the divorce settlement.
I'm having the courthouse
messenger over the files.
And the blackmailer, Naomi?
Yeah, we're having some trouble
tracking her down.
Symphony doesn't
have that information?
It's all fake. Photos, driver's
license, social security number.
I mean, the forgery's good, so I
can see how they missed 'em.
All we have is
Cliff's description of her
including a small tattoo
near her hip.
So basically,
we have nothing to go on.
Okay, let's start with
what we do know about Naomi.
'She targeted
a rich, single man'
with the purpose
of extorting him.
- Right?
- Right.
So if she's done it once
she's probably done it before.
Van Pelt, check into every
dating service in the bay area.
'See if they've had
any experience with Naomi.'
'Maybe we can get
to her that way.'
[Van Pelt]
'On it.'
There are 11 matchmaking
services in the bay area
four of which specifically cater
to high-end clients.
- Did they know Naomi?
- No.
And none have reported
any extortion claims
but I got to thinking
what if she's planning
to blackmail again?
I checked with
the companies in the area
and one is planning
a singles mixer tonight.
On a hunch, I cross-checked
Naomi's profile
from Symphony with
all the profiles of the women
listed
as attending the event.
I got a match, a woman named
Viktoria Shays.
No photo, but several answers
she gave about herself
are identical to Naomi's.
- Is Rigsby here?
- Yeah, somewhere.
Tell him to go home
and put on a nice suit.
He's got plans tonight.
- Alright.
- Have you seen my laptop?
No.
[Erica]
'Now, Sarah, what kind
of men are you interested in?'
[Sarah]
'Wow, right to it, uh..'
[Erica]
'Now, Patrick'
'what kind of woman
are you looking for?'
Quiet, rich blondes. Nosnoring.
That is a deal breaker.
[Erica]
'How would your closest friends
describe you'
'to someone
who doesn't know you?'
Oh. Uh, well,
I think they..
[Erica]
'Now, Patrick, what kind of
woman are you looking for?'
Quiet, rich blondes. Nosnoring.
That is a deal breaker.
[Erica]
'Now, Sarah, what kind
of men are you interested in?'
[click]
[Sarah]
'Wow, right to it..'
So what do you think?
- I think you look good.
- Thank you. Cho?
I'm not answering
that question.
Oh, come on, honestly,
just tell me what you think.
- You look alright.
- Thanks.
I think you look great.
Like you have money, a career.
- A perfect target for Naomi.
- I don't know.
- What if she doesn't go for it?
- She will.
What if she doesn't go for me?
There's gonna be
a lot of single guys there.
For this to work she has
to be interested in me.
- She will. Just be yourself.
- That's a terrible idea.
Maybe I should
do an accent or something.
I don't think
you need an accent.
Hello, Rigsby.
Wayne Rigsby from Sussex.
Uh, pleasure to meet you.
Cheerio.
- How's that?
- Yeah, don't do the accent.
Rigsby, you hear me?
Loud and clear.
[Lisbon]
'Van Pelt, you in position?'
I'm here.
Gentlemen,
can I have your attention?
It's time for me to bring in
the beautiful women
you'll be meeting tonight.
Don't forget the ABC's.
Attentiveness, boldness,
confidence.
You'll do great.
[indistinct chatter]
Rigsby, the event hostess
ID'd Naomi.
Excuse me. One moment.
[clears throat]
Okay, which one is she?
The blonde
in the lavender sheath.
The one in what now?
The blonde
in the purple dress.
Got it.
Are you sure it's her?
No. Find out if she's got
a rose tattoo on her hip.
Then we'll know for sure.
I'm moving in.
Hello, red.
- Can I buy you a drink--
- I'm engaged.
Well, it's never too late
for one last--
Keep walking.
Okay.
Hi. I'm Wayne.
I'm Viktoria.
Nice to meet you.
So what do you do, Wayne?
I'm a businessman.
E-commerce, mainly.
How's that going for you?
It's working out
pretty well.
I have
a very diverse portfolio.
And I have a room upstairs.
And you're very direct.
Is that a problem?
I'm trying to think
of a reason why it might be
and I can't really think
of one right now.
Let's go.
- Are you nervous?
- Me? No.
Yeah, maybe a little.
Well, don't be.
I won't bite.
Good. Me either.
No biting.
316. My favorite number.
316.
Uh, just curious, uh,
do you have any tattoos?
Um, why don't you come
and find out?
Okay.
So come in.
Make yourself comfortable.
I'll be right out.
Thanks.
Guys? You hear me?
She's in the bathroom.
Wow. That is a, um,
very nice tattoo..
...of a rose.
It's a rose tattoo.
Mm.
Uh, maybe we should
have a drink first
or, uh, you know, uh..
...a snack.
So would you call yourself
adventurous, Wayne?
Adventurous?
Um, what, like skydiving?
Mm, no.
Uh, sorry to interrupt.
CBI.
Uh, yeah, found the, uh, tattoo.
This is definitely the suspect.
Nice work.
Yeah. Your collar.
Your arrest, Wayne.
Oh, yeah.
You're under arrest.
Patrick.
I'm surprised to see
you're back.
Are you here to finish
your profile?
No.
I saw something strange
on the DVD you're using
as your alibi.
So I came by
to test out a theory.
So you're still trying to prove
I murdered my husband?
- You're still worried I will?
- Come on in.
Why don't you have a seat?
You want to interview me? Why?
Like I said,
I have a theory.
- You scared?
- No.
It might be good for me
to experience
what my clients go through.
You can ask questions
from in there, yes?
- Yes.
- Thank you.
What have you got
up your sleeve?
Patience.
Okay.
- Can you hear me?
-Yes.
Okay, Erica..
...tell me, what kind of man
are you looking for?
I'm not looking.
I'm mourning.
Yes. Uh, please humor me.
Someone kind
and generous.
Someone patient.
I'm sorry. I'm really not
comfortable talking about this.
Patrick?
[Erica on tape]
'How would your closest friends'
'describe you to someone
who doesn't know you?'
Patrick, what are you doing?
[Erica on tape]
'How would you describe
yourself'
'to someone
who doesn't know you?'
What's going on in here?
[recorder clicks]
I'm proving my theory.
I heard a strange sound
on the DVD
you're using as your alibi,
a faint clicking noise.
Almost mechanical.
Then I figured out
what it was.
[tape rewinds]
[Erica on tape]
'How would you describe
yourself to..'
A simple tape recorder
just like this one.
I knew you weren't here
for the interview.
How could you be? You're off
killing your husband.
But how do we explain
your voice on the DVD?
This is ridiculous.
Recording the interview
is easy.
After all,
you've done hundreds of them.
And once you had the recorder
in place, you had plenty of time
to leave through that door,
kill your husband
and come back here without
anyone noticing you're gone.
'But there is one thing
you needed'
in order
for your plan to work..
...an accomplice.
You needed someone to be here
and to play the recorded
questions at the right time.
That's the one loose end
you left untied.
That explains it,
doesn't it?
Of course, there's
just one problem.
So if what you're saying
is true
I walked out right past
my client
in the middle
of her interview.
Something she would have
mentioned, huh?
I didn't kill my husband,
Patrick.
I do understand.
After all you've been through,
you see evil everywhere.
I see you.
Patrick.
You are a kind, clever,
wonderful man.
You have so much potential.
But you have to stop
this obsessive behavior.
You need to get a life.
Goodnight, Erica.
Goodnight, Patrick.
[Lisbon]
'All you've proven is
that Erica Flynn'
may have murdered her husband,
not that she did.
Which is why I need to find
her accomplice.
- If there is an accomplice.
- There's no if.
Yes, there is. We've got other
viable suspects on this thing.
- Like who?
- Like Naomi, for one.
Naomi? She's a greedy
opportunist that hates men.
She's not
a cold-blooded killer.
We don't know that for sure.
You always say
that the simplest answers
usually are the most likely,
but it seems like
you're coming up with more
and more elaborate scenarios
just to prove
that you're right.
Erica killed her husband.
I am 100% sure of it.
I don't get it.
What is it about this woman?
Why are you
so obsessed with her?
Because she doesn't think
I'm smart enough to catch her.
Oh, well,
that's a good reason.
Healthy. Professional.
Uh, just answer me
one more thing.
Okay, if Erica Flynn
did murder her husband
how did she leave the room
without her client noticing?
That I don't know.
But I'm working on it.
You're going to jail, Naomi.
'Nothing can prevent that
from happening'
but you can help yourself
out here.
Tell me what you know
about John Flynn.
Nothing.
I've never even met him.
Now we both know that's not
true. John Flynn ran Symphony.
He found out you were
blackmailing his clients
and confronted you, didn't he?
I never blackmailed anyone.
We have multiple victims
who claim otherwise.
We have the video camera
you hid in your hotel room
with other victims on it.
You watched that tape?
Did any of those guys
look like victims to you?
They look like Johns being
conned by a clever prostitute.
I'm not a prostitute.
Where were you between
the hours of 5:00 and 6:00
'the night of the murder?'
I want my lawyer.
I've nothing more to say to you.
Okay.
But we're waiting on a warrant
to search your apartment.
You talk now,
we can make a deal.
We find anything linking you
to the murder, all bets are off.
Lawyer.
Uh, yes, Erica interviewed me
from the AV room
but she never left.
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
She would've
had to walk right past me.
What are you doing?
During your interview,
do you remember
how bright the lights were
in that room?
Yes.
Shining right in your face
in fact.
Well, I guess so.
Yes,
I once had a job onstage.
I'll never forget how bright
those lights could be.
What does that have to do
with anything?
I'll show you.
Keep your eye on your phone.
What are you doing?
It's gone.
Precisely.
Hey,
is that Sarah still here?
Why?
Just had a few,
uh, follow-up questions
about the investigation.
You're such a bad liar.
She left five minutes ago.
Really?
Just call her up and ask her
out. What's the big deal?
I can't do that.
It's totally unprofessional.
Unless she says yes.
I think she'd say yes.
I mean, she asked me
if I was single.
Why would she ask
if I was single
unless she wanted me
to ask her out, right?
Sarah, hi. It's, uh,
Wayne Rigsby from CBI.
If you keep up
with these visits
I'm gonna have to
start charging you.
Oh, this will be the last one,
I assure you.
Oh. Have you given up
on this nonsense
about me killing my husband?
Nope, not at all.
Not one little tiny bit.
Well, then you must have cracked
the case. Please tell me.
I'm curious to know who this
evil accomplice of mine is.
Well, I came by it
rather easily, I must say
after a-a friend got me
thinking on the right path.
Which path is that?
The simplest answer is
most likely the correct one
which means
your accomplice is
someone you can
easily manipulate.
A man, which is obvious enough
given your physical attributes.
- I'm really getting tired--
- I'm not finished.
He's also young
and impressionable, weak
but above all, someone you can
make fall in love with you
and someone naive enough
to believe
that you had fallen in love
with them.
Guess who I'm thinking of.
Yes, that's right.
Your assistant, Peter.
You have no idea
what you're talking about.
Ah, we'll find out
soon enough.
What's going on?
Mrs. Flynn, we'd like you to
come back to the office with us.
- Answer a few questions.
- Of course. Anything to help.
How long do you think it'll take
before he tells me everything?
Hmm?
How you holding up, Peter?
I'm tired.
Ah, not to worry.
You won't be here much longer.
I know you're not gonna talk,
and I know why.
You're in love with Erica.
No, that's okay. You don't need
to deny it. I get it.
She's beautiful, she's smart,
she's successful.
Makes you wonder, though,
right?
Wonder what?
What she sees in you..
...apart from her alibi.
I mean, let's be honest here,
Peter.
You don't really have
that much to offer her.
- That's not true.
- So you are having an affair.
- I-I did not say that.
- Right.
We're being honest here,
Peter.
Deep down, do you really think
that she loves you?
Or are you
just kidding yourself
because it feel so nice
to be with her?
No. I love her,
and she loves me.
She was using you.
She made you
an accessory to murder.
You're wrong.
She got what she wanted from you
and now she is done with you.
- Stop. Stop saying that.
- She doesn't love you, Peter.
She never did.
Now, tell me
what happened the night
Erica murdered her husband.
She probably told you
that he was abusing her, right?
Smacking her around,
raping her?
I don't care
what you say.
I'm not gonna hurt Erica.
What do we do now?
Jane?
Let him go.
- Hi, Wayne.
- Oh, hey.
Wow. You look amazing.
Oh, thanks. So do you.
- Oh, are you ready to go?
- Yeah.
I was hoping you'd call me.
- Yeah, I'm glad I did.
- Me, too.
[elevator bell dings]
[Erica]
'Hard at work, I see.'
Mm.
What do you want?
I'd like to thank you
for having me brought down here.
That was very courteous
of you.
Though I have to admit,
I was a little surprised
your colleagues decided
to simply let me go
you being so certain
of my guilt and all.
Let me guess.
Peter didn't say a word to you.
Maybe now you'll be able
to move past this nonsense.
Let me tell you something,
I will catch you
sooner or later.
I promise you
that I will catch you.
Please. If you were
capable of catching me
you would have done so
by now.
Goodbye, Patrick.
Jane. Jane, we gotta go.
'I just got a call
from SFPD. Peter's dead.'
He killed himself.
Sleeping pills.
Coroner found an empty bottle
in the bathroom.
So...sole accomplice
in your crime
just went and killed himself.
Fortunately, however..
...Peter left a letter.
And I'm betting it will tell us
everything we need to know
about the night
your husband was murdered.
You confess now,
chances are the AG's office
is gonna cut you a deal.
Open it.
I don't believe you.
Be my guest.
[scoffs]
Yes, it's a bluff.
Honestly,
I expected better from you.
Using poor Peter's suicide
as a trap.
That's low. Immoral, even.
I tried to tell you.
I always win.
You might have gotten away with
murder, but you didn't win.
How's that exactly?
No matter what you say,
I know the truth.
You cared about Peter
and it was your actions
that drove him to kill himself.
That is something
that you will live with
for the rest of your life.
- I'll manage.
- No, you won't.
It'll eat you up
from the inside
because you cared
way too much about him.
- You're wrong.
- No, I'm right.
Just like I'm right about
the first time I saw you.
You are an open book to me.
You're transparent, like glass.
If you think for a moment I even
remotely cared about Peter
you're as gullible as he was.
Not just cared. You loved him.
I know it.
Can't you see? There's nothing
you can hide from me.
- You're a fool.
- And you're a terrible liar.
You lost, Erica,
not just some little game.
You lost someone you loved.
I didn't love Peter.
I could care less about him.
He meant nothing to me.
Perfect. That's exactly
what I was hoping to hear.
Rather that's exactly what
I was hoping Peter would hear.
Peter.
Thank God you're here.
Don't listen to a word they say.
They're telling you lies.
You know how I feel about you,
darling.
Peter. Peter!
Please!
By the way, there was
a body in that bag.
'It wasn't Peter's.
No, of course not.'
That's kind of obvious.
It was your husband's.
And I told you
I would catch you.
And I did.
Erica left ten minutes
into the interview.
She told me to wait behind
with the recorder.
'She said if I just played
the questions'
'then no one would ever know
she was gone.'
She knew John was going down
to the marina after work.
That time of day
there aren't a lot of people
around, you know?
'She waited for him and..'
[gunshots through silencer]
[Jane]
'And you shot him.'
You shot your own husband
in cold blood.
Peter told us everything.
You used him as your accomplice
because he was weak..
...unstable.
You could manipulate him,
but it backfired.
'He couldn't take the pressure'
and now he'll testify
against you
and you will spend
a very long time in prison.
Don't count on it.
It's over.
A jury still
has to believe him.
And he is, as you so accurately
put it, unstable.
Erica, it's over.
I'm sure of it.
Don't be.
Not everyone's
as smart as you.
[Lisbon]
'Jane?'
[door rattles]
You in here?
Ah, there's my laptop.
Uh, I'm looking for someone
who, uh..
'...someone...I can trust'
someone strong,
someone..
...at peace with themselves.
Someone better than me.
Someone who knows the..
...worst side of me
and still loves me.
[Erica]
'Sounds like
an amazing woman.'
She was.
[Jane]
Stay tuned for scenes
from our next episode.
[theme music]